add relation examples for {{this}} (#4011)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/this.md

sidebar_label: "this"
id: "this"
description: "Represents the current model in the database."
keywords: 
  - relation, relation object, this function, this jinja, this.database, this.schema, this.identifier
meta:
  label: 'this'
---

`this` is the database representation of the current model. It is useful when:
- Defining a `where` statement within [incremental models](/docs/build/incremental-models)
- Using [pre or post hooks](/reference/resource-configs/pre-hook-post-hook)

`this` is a [Relation](/reference/dbt-classes#relation), and as such, properties such as `{{ this.database }}` and `{{ this.schema }}` compile as expected. 

>   - Note &mdash; Starting from dbt v1.6 or higher, `{{ {this.identifier }}` will fetch the identifier (such as table name). Previously it would only return the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Note &mdash; Prior to dbt v1.6, the dbt Cloud IDE returns `request` as the result of `{{ ref.identifier }}`.
```
